# LaGard-Drill-Points
Drilling safes is easy. You always start with the spindle hole, easy to find, just tear off the dial and dial rings, or keypad from the face of the safe. 
Then find the handing of the safe lock, it's always facing the frame of the safe closest so the spindle, so you have two guesses, it's either right side up, or upside down depending on which side the frame is.

An easy trick I used to use when cracking safes was imagine I was a minature person inside of the safe, and I am standing on the shelf inside the safe looking at the back of the door. This is how you figure out the handing properly.

For mechanical dials, on weak safes without glass or ball bearing packs in the front door, When you remove the dial and dial rings from the door, make sure you leave some of the spindle accessible outside the door of the safe. Latch onto the spindle with a pair of locking pliers. You'll be spinning these later. Once the dial rings are removed (they have two screws, top and bottom), figure out the handing of the lock and then you can use the dial ring screw hole as a guide for your drillbit, it's very close to the drill spot for most mechanical safes. Just put in 1/4 bit and drill very slowly through the rest of the door until you hit the wheel pack case. Then go even slower and just break the metal on the wheel pack case, but do not push into the wheel pack. Then take a flash light and a microsocope, or a boroscope with a light and look down the hole while spinning the locking pliers holding the spindle. Line up all of the gates and spin the spindle backwards to drop the fence.
